DOCS-3160: Update payment status descriptions (#2060)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/methods/banks/sepa-direct-debit/payment-flow.md

| Description | Order status | Transaction status |
|---|---|---|
| MultiSafepay's customer background check was successful and we've generated an e-mandate. | Initialized  | Initialized |

> | We've sent the e-mandate to the customer's bank. {{< br >}} (You can no longer cancel the transaction.) | Uncleared | Uncleared |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| We've sent the e-mandate to the customer's bank. {{< br >}} (You can no longer cancel the request.) | Uncleared | Uncleared |
```

Author: @Sarah-MultiSafepay  What do you mean by "request" here?

Reviewer: The request to send an e-mandate. I was trying to continue the flow as we mention e-mandate rather than transaction.

> | The customer's bank is processing the transaction and transfering the funds. | Completed | Uncleared |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The customer's bank is processing the e-mandate and transfering the funds. | Completed | Uncleared |
```

| MultiSafepay has collected payment.| Completed | Completed |

> | The transaction was cancelled by the customer, or rejected by their bank. | Void | Void |

Reviewer: There doesn't seem to be a distinction between cancelled or void so should we just combine them?

Author: Yes! Must have missed that one! Thanks!
